feat: raise informative error message when depickling fails due to python version mismatch. (#253)
zapatacomputing/orquestra-workflow-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

🐛 *Bug Fixes*

💅 *Improvements*

> * Added an informative error for situations where a mismatch in python versions between CE and the SDK cause deserialisation to fail.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions propose improvements to the current subject. It's important to be explicit and clear on what is being suggested and why it is an improvement. Consider using patches and the blocking or non-blocking decorations to further communicate your intent.  -->
**suggestion:** ‏
```suggestion
* Added an informative error for situations where a mismatch in Python versions between CE and the SDK cause deserialisation to fail.
```

* `KILLED` workflows will no longer show an error when waiting for the workflow to complete.

💅 *Improvements*

> * Added an informative error for situations where a mismatch in Python versions between CE and the SDK cause deserialisation to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an informative error for situations where a mismatch in Python versions between your local environment and the remote cluster prevents tasks from executing.
```
